todo
find subject to make a poster out of it. 8 1/2 by 11 ,300dpi

March for Science 	= atom, cells,  , wind turbines , chemistry,  physics, Dna, science equipment, animals, phylosofy, mechanic objects. 





topic

 the march is a non-partisan movement to celebrate science and the role it plays in everyday lives.



ideaolgy vs evidence , facts no dogma, knowledge , education, pro evenrioment, 


is a bout thinkning like a scientist
protests.
the circle of interconective and dependable variables.
network of things that influence one another. 
science is also a thinking tool. 
draw a brain, evidence-based


The March for Science champions robustly funded and publicly communicated science as a pillar of human freedom and prosperity. We unite as a diverse, nonpartisan group to call for science that upholds the common good, and for political leaders and policymakers to enact  policies in the public interest.

Evidence-driven

We believe that the scientific method, and findings that result from its responsible use, are powerful tools for decision-making. As an organization, we base our political positions, advocacy and outreach efforts, and internal practices on best-available evidence. We also recognize that complex problems informed by science do not always have clear, scientifically-indicated solutions.

Inclusive

We integrate our commitment to diversity, equity, accessibility, and inclusion into all programming, outreach, and advocacy efforts. We advocate for policies enabling equal access to education, scientific careers, and scientific benefits, and work to support increasingly equitable scientific spaces. We amplify the work and voices of underrepresented scientists and members of underrepresented communities.

Nonpartisan

As nonpartisan political advocates, we act with the understanding that science does not belong to any political party, and that scientific evidence is an essential part of good policymaking at every level of government. As scientists and science supporters, we seek and present scientific consensuses, acknowledge substantive debates, conduct our work with transparency, and operate with integrity regardless of the political environment.

Transformative

We do not merely react to the problems of today: we look forward, aspiring toward an inclusive, integrated vision for the future of science and science policy. We pursue creative, experimental, and novel approaches to overcome the longstanding challenges that stand in the way of a critical and scientifically-engaged society.

Adaptive

We are a reflective and self-critical organization that prizes ongoing internal evaluation and correction. We invite feedback and encourage challenging conversations, we listen, and we commit ourselves to recognizing and addressing our biases. We seek to identify gaps in existing resources, evaluate and share the effectiveness of our efforts, and regularly collect and report stakeholder feedback.